Add responsible disclosure policy (#9830)
wordpress-mobile/WordPress-Android: README.md

Read our [Contributing Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about reporting issues, contributing code, and more ways to contribute.

## Security

>   Need to report a security vulnerability? Go to https://automattic.com/security/ or directly to our security bug bounty site https://hackerone.com/automattic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you happen to find a security vulnerability, we would appreciate letting us know at https://hackerone.com/automattic and allow us to respond before disclosing the issue publicly.
```

Author: Can we change
> allow us

to 

> allowing us 

? 

😅

> If you happen to find a security vulnerability, we would appreciate you letting us know at https://hackerone.com/automattic and allow us to respond before disclosing the issue publicly.

Author: Can we change "allow us" to "allowing us"? 

Then good to :shipit:!

Reviewer: 👍
